Adds advanced settings descriptions (#6928)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _dashboards/quickstart.md

- **Adding sample data:** Use preloaded visualizations, dashboards, and other tools to explore OpenSearch Dashboards before adding your own data.
- **Using the Discover application:** Analyze your data to gain insights.
- **Using the Dashboards application:** Create and store data visualizations.
- **Customizing the appearance theme:** Quickly change the OpenSearch Dashboards appearance theme from the home page.

The OpenSearch Dashboards' default view is shown in the following image.

<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}//images/dashboards/home-page-nav.png" alt="OpenSearch Dashboards interface default view" width="700">

## Docking the navigation menu

> To dock or undock the navigation pane, select the {::nomarkdown}<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/icons/menu-icon.png" class="inline-icon" alt="menu icon"/>{:/} icon and then **Dock navigation** or **Undock navigation**. 

Author: Added screenshot

Using the **[Flights] Global Flight Dashboard** dashboard, follow these steps to further analyze and filter the sample flight data:

> 1. On the **[Flights] Airline Carrier** panel, choose **OpenSearch-Air**. The dashboard updates automatically, as shown in the following GIF.

Author: @abbyhu2000 Change made.

2. Choose **Save** to save the dashboard.

![Filter data demo]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/dashboards/airline-carrier.gif)

Alternatively, you can use the dashboard toolbar to apply filters by following these steps:

1. In the dashboard toolbar, choose **Add filter**.
2. From the **Field**, **Operator**, and **Value** dropdown lists, choose **Carrier**, **is**, and **OpenSearch-Air**, respectively.
3. Choose **Save**. The dashboard updates automatically.

The resulting view is shown in the following image.

<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/dashboards/filter-data-dash.png" alt="Dashboards tutorial panel view" width="700">

## Customizing the appearance theme
Introduced 2.14
{: .label .label-purple }

> Light mode is the default appearance theme in OpenSearch Dashboards. You can customize the appearance theme to suit your preferences. The available options include light mode, dark mode, and using your browser's settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Light mode is the default OpenSearch Dashboards appearance theme. You can customize the appearance theme to suit your preferences. The available options include light mode, dark mode, and your browser's settings.
```

### Enabling the appearance theme setting

The appearance theme setting is enabled or disabled through **Advanced Settings** and requires admin permissions. If you do not see the {::nomarkdown}<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/icons/theme-icon.png" class="inline-icon" alt="theme icon"/>{:/} icon on the upper right of the **Home** page, then the setting is likely disabled. To enable it, contact your admin. 

### Changing the appearance theme for all users

Admins can change the appearance theme for all users of their OpenSearch Dashboards instance through **Advanced Settings**:

1. Navigate to **Management** > **Dashboards Management** > **Advanced Settings**.
2. Scroll to the **Appearance** section and toggle `theme:darkMode` on or off.
3. Select the **Save changes** button, then the **Reload** button. The updated theme is applied immediately.

<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/dashboards/dark-mode.png" alt="Dark mode view" width="700">

> ### Changing your appearance theme from the Home page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changing the appearance theme from the home page
```

> If the setting is enabled, you can change your OpenSearch Dashboards appearance theme from the **Home** page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the setting is enabled, you can change the OpenSearch Dashboards appearance theme from the **Home** page:
```

> 1. Select {::nomarkdown}<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/icons/theme-icon.png" class="inline-icon" alt="theme icon"/>{:/} icon on the upper right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the {::nomarkdown}<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/icons/theme-icon.png" class="inline-icon" alt="theme icon"/>{:/} icon on the upper right.
```

2. Choose one of the following theme settings: **Light**, **Dark**, or **Use browser settings**. 

> 3. Select **Apply**. The interface appearance automatically changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Apply**. The appearance theme changes automatically. 
```

> A view is shown in the following image.

Author: ```suggestion
The appearance theme feature on the home page is shown in the following image.
```

> A view is shown in the following image.

Reviewer: Let's clarify. A view of what? Or just "The X is shown..."
